
>Our vicar is always raising money for one cause or another,but he has never managed to get enough money to have the church clock repaired.

**be always doing sth.**

>He is always being late.

>People are always talking about the problems of youth.


be forever doing sth.

>He is forever talking about the friendly people,the clean atmosphere,the closeness to nature and gentle pace of living.

be constantly/continually doing sth.


keep (on) doing sth.

>From the moment he arrived there,he kept on pestering his doctor to tell him when he whould be able to go home.

>In the process,he enjoyed himself thoroughly and kept telling everybody how much he hated hospitals.

do sth. all the time

**one ... or another**

one cause or another

>He is always asking me for money for one cause or another.

>Beginnners will err at one time or another.

>Everyone can contribute to society in one way or another.

one ... after another

one day after another

encounter one difficulty after another

not another ...


**manage to do**

fail to do

**have sth. done** 请某人做某事,某种不愉快的经历

>I'm going to have my hair cut this weekend.

>I have my hair trimmed.

>I have my wound dressed.

>People would rather pay large sums of money than have their life work destroyed by gangsters.

>King Charles I had his head cut off.

>The house had its window broken in the explosion.



```My little daughter is always complaining of one illness or another,but she has never managed to get permission to stay at home.```





